## Weekly Overview

The focus of this week's learning and activities are on FOCAL (functions, objects, conditionals, arrays, and loops), as well as introducing new topics and tools. Through the learning, students are expected to begin to think like a developer.

---

## Lecture

Today's lecture is bootcamp introduction, which consists students and staff icebreaking activities and overview of the program.

Each day begins with morning lectures (10AM to 12PM). On Friday, tests will take place in the same time slot, to replace the lecture. In the after noon, there are occasional activities. Other than that, students are expected to work on their works and projects from 12PM to 9PM, where instructors and mentors are available for assistance during these hours.

On the weekend, student may take some time off or continue to study, but live assistance is only available in a short period of time.

Lectures will be recorded and notes or slides will be provided. Zoom and VS Code Live Share are the forms for lecture delievery.

---

## Today's work

### gist fork

### coding: What should I do for lunch?

Notice that `hungry` is the primary parameter, the the `availableTime` conditon should be nested in the primary condition.

`switch` is not applicable, since we are dealing with intervals here.

### install ESLint and the in house config, get use to linting with 'eslint [file]` command

Prettier seems not accepted by this lint config. It is usually just minor detail preference, like the `space` between `function` and `()` in `function expression or declaration`. Personally I choose to ignore this lint config for now, as long as Prettier does its job and the code works. I might look into using ESLint in VS Code, along with a well used config.

### introduce Markdown language

Luckily I have been using [Notion](https://www.notion.so) for notes, so I am familiar with Markdown. I also learned that a well written README is essential for a repo, which is a part of a dev's job.

### touch on some basics of `command line arguments`

### coding: sum.js (with `argv`)

### construct a library, [lotide](https://github.com/Polymorice/lotide)

This is a student project version of [lodash](https://github.com/lodash/lodash)

### lotide: [assertEqual.js](https://github.com/Polymorice/lotide/blob/main/assertEqual.js)

I misread the instruction, thought I have to use `console.assert` as part of the code.

### introduce refactoring practice

### lotide: [head.js](https://github.com/Polymorice/lotide/blob/main/head.js)

I discovered that the function turned `['5']` into `[5]`.

### lotide: [tial.js](https://github.com/Polymorice/lotide/blob/main/tail.js)

I learned that `arrays` cannot be compared directly. The workaround I can think at this moment is to compare `elements` individually then use `logic and` for the final result.

---

## Bonus lessons

- how to deal with `.DS_Store` in repo

* I have seen `template literal` somewhere before, but it seems never working for me, until I googled and found someone else already asked the question on [stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/) before, and made the same mistake as I did, i. e. using `'` instead of ```. LoL

## Future improvements

- learn more about scope

---

## Issues

- Terminal `Tab` auto-fill is not working
